[Superbus'
"Invincible and Reckless"]
SINGER:
♪♪ I'm under your spell ♪♪
♪♪ But I'm okay ♪♪
♪♪ You dance it so well ♪♪
♪♪ Don't go away ♪♪
♪♪ I-I'm under your spell ♪♪
♪♪ But I'm okay ♪♪
♪♪ It's magical, physical ♪♪
♪♪ Never gonna give up now ♪♪
♪♪ Invincible, invincible ♪♪
♪♪ And reckless symphony ♪♪
♪♪ I'm under your spell ♪♪
♪♪ But I'm okay ♪♪
♪♪ You dance it so well ♪♪
♪♪ Don't go away ♪♪
♪♪ I-I'm under your spell ♪♪
♪♪ But I'm okay ♪♪
♪♪ It's magical ♪♪
CECE: Previously,
on "Spellbound"...
Welcome to day one at
the Paris Opera Ballet School.
Simone!
- Cece!
- How do you two know
each other?
- We've been videochatting
all summer.
JACK: That's Benoit.
He's my super annoying
roommate.
- Good morning, everyone!
There's been some sort of--
ha--
administrative error.
You will all reaudition
for your place
in the Paris Opera Ballet
School.
[overlapping chatter]
CECE: What? No!
CECE: Why do you call
your W recipe book
the Book of Jones?
GINGER: It's the book
of family spells.
We're witches.
We call ourselves Wizens.
You are the most powerful
Wizen in the world.
LOLA:
I'm telling you...it's her.
The Wise One is in Paris!
[mellow jazzy music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- Use this.
- Why am I always the absorber?
Next time, you do it.
It's a huge responsibility.
You have to feel literally
everything she feels.
- I know, I know, but you're
better at it than I am.
- That's true.
Fine.
I take a piece
from head to toe
to make a bond
between us both.
From you to me,
feelings will flow
so that I can be in the know.
[yawns]
Oh, she is really tired.
Poor thing.
- What are you doing?
- Oh, good morning.
We put a sleep spell on you,
and by the feels of it,
it really worked.
- What are you guys doing here?
You better tell me
who you are
and what's going on now,
or I'll scream.
- Okay, okay, uh...
You're right.
Okay. Ha.
Here goes.
We're Wizens
and you're a Wizen,
and last night,
we were chased
by a big giant ball of dust,
and we have no idea why
or who or what is going on.
Oh, Lola, good call
on the shield, by the way.
So basically--
- I didn't cast the shield.
I thought you cast the shield.
- Whoa...did she--
- She must have.
- I thought Aunt Ginger
was joking.
But the truth serum...
must have been like for real.
But she didn't remember
when I asked her last night.
- Because the recipient
never remembers.
- It was crazy.
Something about...
my family all being Wizens.
And something about
a protection spell?
- Your protection spell
must have been lifted.
- What, did she break her--
- She must have.
- And that's what must have
triggered the compass
and sent the alert.
You're like a mythical legend!
If you're standing here
right now
remembering everything
that happened last night,
and you cast a shield...
no doubt.
You've got to be...
both: The Wise One.
[edgy music]
- I have to go.
I have a huge day,
and I can't let anything
get in the way of it--
not even this.
Where's my dance bag?
- Oh, we had to get you away
from that dust storm
last night.
Bring her bag
and bring it fast.
This girl has to get
to school to dance.
Milady.
Your dance bag.
LOLA: But you can't leave.
We need you.
Your magic is special.
You need to start training
like now.
- Uh, yeah, that's what
I'm doing--at school.
- Well, it's just that
all the Wizens have been
waiting for you.
We've been hiding our gifts
and our magic.
But this generation needs you.
With you, we could
change the whole world!
- Oh, come on--I can't
talk about this right now!
I'm not even sure
I believe it, okay?
I have to focus
on staying at this school,
not saving the freaking world.
So just...back off,
and I'll figure out
what's going on
after I audition.
CECE: No, I'm serious.
I can't talk now.
I'll tell you the rest
when I get there.
See you soon.
- You can't turn your back
on your destiny.
You're one of us,
and it's time for us Wizens
to come out of
the broom closet.
Imagine having to dance
in secret,
never be able
to dance in public,
never be able to share
your talent--
that's what it's like for us.
- We think you're our leader.
I feel it in my bones.
It's your birthright.
It's not something
you can walk away from.
- Weird, 'cause that's exactly
what I'm doing--see?
Walking.
- You're a nervous wreck.
You're not sure
if you're good enough.
I'm just saying.
Why wouldn't you use magic?
I mean, if you could,
you could have
mad skills in an instant.
If you wanted.
It's a competitive
world in there.
You just never know
when you might need
a little extra help.
That's all we're saying.
Have a great day.
- Get off of me!
Can you just go now, please?
- A true Wizen
can't deny her magic.
[electronic music]
[vocalization]
♪♪ ♪♪
SIMONE: And they
helped you escape
an attacking dust tornado?
Because this is too much,
even for me.
- No, too much is finding out
that I'm a Wizen,
like a real-life...
witch
on the most
important day of my life.
There are all these
weird things happening,
and I can't even...with my
mom not telling me any of this?
And even though if I don't know
what that dust was all about...
it was real.
But I auditioned yesterday
to the best of my ability,
and I can only hope
that it was enough.
- The list is up.
Come on, come on!
[suspenseful music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- Yes! I can't believe
I escaped
the first round of cuts!
I need to make it
through round two.
- You will--we both will.
- Yeah, we will.
- I didn't think
she was that good.
- Ouch.
- Well, clearly, you weren't.
♪♪ ♪♪
- Hey, bro, congrats.
Look at you, number two.
Just under me--number one.
[laughs]
ALL: Oh...yeah!
[chanting] We did it,
we did it, we did it,
we did it, we did it...
♪♪ ♪♪
AMY: Why are we out here?
LOLA: Don't you know?
It was after Cece.
What are we looking for?
AMY: I don't know yet.
Oh--what's that?
I think I found something here.
- Whoo!
Sorry. Cece.
She's feeling very happy
and fist-pumpy
all of a sudden.
AMY: Interesting...
[light music]
♪♪ ♪♪
On further examination,
we need to know what this is.
AMY: Agreed, but...
I think we need to face facts
and admit we're out of
our league here.
We need to find an Elder.
- No. We got this.
- [mouthing] Okay.
- I'm telling you,
it wasn't a dream.
- [sighs]
Okay.
The cards don't lie.
[moody music]
♪♪ ♪♪
These two together...
they clearly show
that you are a Wizen.
- What does it all mean?
And why now?
- Let's see.
Uh-oh.
ARMANDO: Okay.
[tap, tap]
Quiet, please, and listen up.
The next audition
will be in pairs,
which means I'll be looking
for both technique
and connection.
This call-back will determine
who is in and who is out.
So let's get started.
Please, may I see
Pierre and Zoe?
Clemon and Emily.
Jack and Simone.
Mia and Finn.
Uh, you two are good.
You can stay as you are.
You two. You two
can pair up, please.
Good. That just leaves
Cece and Benoit.
- No.
I mean...I don't think
we're a match.
In terms of height, I mean.
It's fine.
Me and...her.
I'm elated.
Thank you, sir.
- Good. I'm glad you're happy.
Okay, now, can I have
one of the girls?
I'll walk you through
the entrance.
[piano notes]
And...
[snapping]
Five and six
and seven and eight.
And promenade,
and keep her on her leg.
Support one another.
Now, I want you to make
a real, true connection
with your partner.
And down.
That's lovely.
Good, thank you.
Please continue.
Continue, everyone.
- Do you think
he'll run it again?
- No. And stop doing
these weird arm movements.
- I can't help it.
- Let's run the rest.
- Which is...
- This is unbelievable.
- I didn't do
traditional choreography
or rep pieces
at my old school, okay?
I'm trying to catch up.
[slow piano music continues]
♪♪ ♪♪
- What are you doing?
That's not the choreography.
- [whispering] Stop it.
♪♪ ♪♪
- Do you dance with
your eyes shut?
- Should I?
- No. Just focus
and try to keep up.
- Okay, back off.
- Cece, Benoit, center floor,
please.
Let's see how
you're getting on.
Let's give them some space.
Thank you very much. Okay.
Breathe.
And...
Five,
[piano music resumes]
and six...
♪♪ ♪♪
ARMANDO: No, stop there. Sorry,
that's enough, thank you.
That's enough.
[slaps book, sighs]
Okay, one of you has
nothing but technique,
and one of you has none,
but neither
of you are connecting.
And if the audience
can't feel that connection,
then you may as well
not be dancing at all.
Understood?
Good. Okay.
Auditions will be held
at the Garnier.
Keep rehearsing,
and I'll see you there.
Stay hydrated.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
- Just dance around Cece.
You have enough talent
for the both of you.
Don't let her bring you down.
- We need to fix this.
And fast.
- I hear you, but...I can't
avert my eyes right now.
If Jack gets too sweaty,
his hands'll be too slippery,
and I cannot risk
falling out the lift.
[tense music continues]
♪♪ ♪♪
- What's this?
"General...Malaise"?
"In the event of an emergency,
cast."
[moody music]
♪♪ ♪♪
AMY: Why wouldn't you
use magic...if you could?
LOLA: We need her.
There's no denying that.
These little spells
that no one can see
are a complete waste
of our Wizen lineage.
She's got to be the Wise One.
No giant ball of dust
has ever chased us.
AMY: I wish she'd just get
over this already.
I cannot stop pacing.
[sighs]
Can I please
just go talk to her?
- That's the point--
to absorb her,
to track her
from a distance.
- Something huge is going on
for her right now.
She's so nervous.
[exhales]
We have to get her trained
and leading
our generation of Wizens.
It's our only mission.
No matter what we have to do
to accomplish it, okay?
- I couldn't agree more.
Now, will you please
stop pacing?
- [huffs] Oh!
Yeah, sure!
'Cause it's that easy.
You do the absorbing
next time.
How 'bout that?
- Relax yourself.
- [scoffs]
- Okay, so I know I said I was
going to refocus on dance,
and I am.
But I can't do this
without help. Like...
[whispering] Wizen help.
So I need you to go
to the bathroom.
- What? Why?
- I need to do a spell.
- No.
- Just a small one.
- It's too risky.
We don't know
how this magic stuff works yet.
- This is a legit emergency.
It's just a general malaise
spell--it'll be fine.
Subtle. It'll just make
the other girls...
you know, ma-lazy.
Like they wanna take
a nap or something.
- Are you hearing yourself?
Cece,
you have to believe
you can dance.
- Sure. Yeah, I know.
I also know that I need
to take these other girls
out of the competition,
or I'm out,
and that's just not
in the cards.
- Cards--I forgot to tell you.
When I pulled your cards,
the Four of Swords came up.
But it was reversed.
Normally, that card would be
a period of healing
or a time to recharge
or whatever.
Except, because it was
reversed--
- Okay, great.
I need you to be in here.
It's not safe for you.
Please.
[slow piano music playing]
♪♪ ♪♪
"When you need to be
your best,
let the others fall to rest."
[intense music]
[music winds down, stops]
BENOIT: Cece.
- Oh, hey there.
Hi. What's up?
Lavender.
It's good for anxiety,
which I have plenty of,
as you can see.
[small laugh]
Anyway, yeah.
There's also some rosemary
in it,
which is great for
concentration.
If you're into
that sort of thing.
Oh! And rosemary
also stimulates hair growth.
But it looks like you have
loads of hair,
so no worries there.
I mean...
who knows when you're older?
But for now, it's good.
You're good.
You have good hair.
Yeah.
- You think
a little bit of oil
is going to make you
a great dancer?
- No. I mean,
it's to relax you.
- Relax me?
That's the last thing I need.
Let's go.
Hello!
[snapping]
- Fine.
Jeez.
[slow piano music continues]
♪♪ ♪♪
- [softly] To my hand.
Too much.
So everything
you've done is right...
but on the wrong foot.
- [sighs] Maybe I'm on
the right foot
and everyone else is wrong.
Maybe I'm not resonating
with the whole
white princess-ness
of this role,
so I'm interpreting it
with a stronger
"don't mess with me" vibe,
which happens on the left foot.
- Interesting.
You wanna lead?
- That's it!
Yes! Let's switch parts.
Let's face it--
you're the better dancer.
I'll do more of
the standing steady
while you do the heavy lifting.
- But I am already doing
the lift.
- [laughs] No.
Heavy lifting
means the hard work.
We'll swap some of the choreo
and change the lift.
You'll focus on the more
technical stuff.
Instead of the damsel
in distress,
I'm a CEO of a giant
corporation.
And I'm standing my ground.
And...you're new to the job,
just trying catch a break.
[giggles]
- [giggling]
Imagine the good we could do
if we could practice our
witchcraft out in the open.
There'll be no stopping us.
- For real. Pedestrians
have messed up this planet,
and it's our destiny
to fix it.
We need to convince her.
It's her destiny too.
- Yep. Yeah.
Whew.
We have to protect her
from whatever was after her.
What was that?
We need to know
who did that, too.
- Okay. Here's the plan.
We protect her by training her.
Forget this dance stuff.
She needs to be
training with us 24/7.
And we really need to know
what this is.
- I know you want to
figure this out yourself,
but we definitely need
the help of an Elder.
[stomach rumbling]
You good?
- [exhales]
[mellow music]
♪♪ ♪♪
ARMANDO: Okay, Cece, the next
time you're not in uniform,
you'll have detention.
Now, I'd like to see this
from the top.
First positions.
May I have some music, please?
[piano music begins]
♪♪ ♪♪
Ah.
Interpretation.
And there's connection.
♪♪ ♪♪
Lovely.
Really support him there, Cece.
Lovely, good.
Thank you.
Lovely.
♪♪ ♪♪
And up, up, up, up.
Really fly there, Benoit.
Nice, thank you
Very good.
♪♪ ♪♪
Bravo.
Bravo. Now, that...
that is how you secure a spot.
[phone buzzes]
Love the attitude.
Love it, love it, love it.
Excuse me one moment.
[phone buzzing]
Hello? Yes.
Yes, sorry, no, slow down.
You can't be serious.
- [mouthing words]
- No. No, no, no.
I'll be right there.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Okay,
please continue without me.
I'll be right back.
- [whispering] You need
to see this right now.
It's a code M.
[retching, vomiting sounds]
I told you not to do this.
You don't know
what you're doing
with this magic stuff yet.
- You think?
What's happening?
- The Four of Swords reversed
is the opposite of healing.
Your spell has made them
all really sick.
- No, no, no.
These are company dancers,
not our class!
This wasn't supposed to happen.
It was supposed to be general
malaise to make them tired,
not sick.
[vomiting sounds]
- Are you okay?
LOLA: [retches]
[toilet flushes]
Of all the spells...
you gave her the one
that makes people barf?
[stomach rumbles]
- If you were the one
absorbing Cece, then you
wouldn't have been hit
by the general malaise.
That's all I'm sayin'.
- I already told you
point taken--jeez!
- [coughing, gagging]
- So this definitely seals it.
She's the Wise One,
all right.
She super-charged the spell,
and it made everyone sick.
A true Wizen
always chooses magic.
- This is super powerful
for someone so new.
[vomiting sounds in background]
- [gagging]
- You okay?
[overlapping gagging,
vomiting sounds]
ARMANDO: Okay.
We have an emergency.
Almost everyone
in the corps is sick.
Many of the first and second
division students
who are also in this piece
have also been hit
with this illness.
It's completely unprecedented,
but we have no other choice.
We have decided that you
will be dancing on
the main stage tomorrow night
in front of a full house.
Never in the history
of the Garnier
has a class
of third-year students
danced in a professional show
on the Garnier stage.
And certainly not with
virtually no rehearsals.
And being that we need
to rehearse the piece,
I will make my selections based
on what I've seen in class,
in audition,
and tomorrow's performance.
Then...I'm sorry.
Some of you will be cut.
So good luck to all of you.
Thank you.
[edgy music]
♪♪ ♪♪